_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <b>Postdoctoral researcher</b> @ Inserm, CREATIS, France.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am currently a postdoctoral researcher in the [ULTIM](https://www.creatis.insa-lyon.fr/site/en/equipe-de-recherche/ultim) team at [CREATIS](https://www.creatis.insa-lyon.fr/site/en), France, funded by [Inserm](https://www.inserm.fr/en/home/).

In November 2024, I obtained my Ph.D. from [INSA Lyon](https://www.insa-lyon.fr/en)/[CREATIS](https://www.creatis.insa-lyon.fr/site/en), France. Supervised by [Damien Garcia](https://biomecardio.com/), [Olivier Bernard](https://olivier-bernard-creatis.github.io), and [Pierre-Yves Courand](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wn-XnTAAAAAJ), my thesis focused on estimating intracardiac vector blood flow from color Dpopler echocardiography using physics-informed and physics-guided neural networks.

Previously, with sponsorship from the Malaysian government ([JPA](https://www.jpa.gov.my)), I completed my preparatory class ([ASINSA](https://www.insa-lyon.fr/en/node/6216)) and earned a Master's Degree in Electrical engineering at [INSA Lyon](https://www.insa-lyon.fr/en) in 2018 and 2021, respectively.

Outside of work, I enjoy staying active with badminton and table tennis. I am also a food enthusiast, always eager to try new cuisines and culinary experiences.

Commit message:

Update `about`, `news`, and `CV` following new postdoc position at NTNU

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: <b>Postdoctoral researcher</b> @ ISB, NTNU, Norway.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info:

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I am currently a postdoctoral researcher in the [Ultrasound](https://www.ntnu.edu/isb/ultrasound#/view/about) research group, part of the [Department of Circulation and Medical Imaging](https://www.ntnu.edu/isb) (ISB) of the [Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences](https://www.ntnu.edu/mh/faculty-of-medicine-and-health-sciences) at [Norwegian University of Science and Technology](https://www.ntnu.edu/).

Before moving to Norway, I worked as a postdoctoral researcher in the [ULTIM](https://www.creatis.insa-lyon.fr/site/en/equipe-de-recherche/ultim) team at [CREATIS](https://www.creatis.insa-lyon.fr/site/en), France, funded by [Inserm](https://www.inserm.fr/en/home/). During this one-year postdoc, I developed a web-based clinical GUI for automatic intracardiac blood-flow quantification in the left ventricle, integrating deep-learning–based segmentation, dealiasing, and vector flow mapping models.

In November 2024, I obtained my Ph.D. from [INSA Lyon](https://www.insa-lyon.fr/en)/[CREATIS](https://www.creatis.insa-lyon.fr/site/en), France. Supervised by [Damien Garcia](https://biomecardio.com/), [Olivier Bernard](https://olivier-bernard-creatis.github.io), and [Pierre-Yves Courand](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=wn-XnTAAAAAJ), my thesis focused on estimating intracardiac vector blood flow from color Dpopler echocardiography using physics-informed and physics-guided neural networks.

Previously, with sponsorship from the Malaysian government ([JPA](https://www.jpa.gov.my)), I completed my preparatory class ([ASINSA](https://www.insa-lyon.fr/en/node/6216)) and earned a Master's Degree in Electrical engineering at [INSA Lyon](https://www.insa-lyon.fr/en) in 2018 and 2021, respectively.

Outside of work, I enjoy staying active with badminton and table tennis. I am also a food enthusiast, always eager to try new cuisines and culinary experiences.
